Beheim/release0.6 (#406)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/techniques/going-further.md

}
```

The canon and the Q# standard library provide a range of such type-parameterized operations and functions to make higher-order control flow easier to express.
These are discussed further in the [Q# standard library guide](xref:microsoft.quantum.libraries.standard.intro).

## Borrowing Qubits ##

> The borrowing mechanism allows to allocate qubits that can be used as scratch space during a computation. These qubits are generally not in a clean state, i.e., they are not necessarily initialized in a known state such as $\ket{0}$. One also speaks of "dirty" qubits as their state is unknown and can even be entangled with other parts of the quantum computer's memory. Among the known use cases of dirty qubits are implementations of multi-controlled CNOT gates that require only very few qubits and implementation of incrementers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The borrowing mechanism allows the allocation of qubits that can be used as scratch space during a computation. These qubits are generally not in a clean state, i.e., they are not necessarily initialized in a known state such as $\ket{0}$. One also speaks of "dirty" qubits as their state is unknown and can even be entangled with other parts of the quantum computer's memory. Among the known use cases of dirty qubits are implementations of multi-controlled CNOT gates that require only very few qubits and implementation of incrementers.
```

            WithA(outerOperation2, innerOperation, allQubits);
        }
    }

>     controlled( extraControls, ... ) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    controlled(extraControls, ...) {
```
